Mom, why are you here?
How would I know if I didn't come?
you
What kind of messy women did you bring in the door?
Jingjing is not a mess
She's my wife.
Oh, Shu Ran
What are you talking about?
This Qingqing is my grandson-in-law
I didn't seduce at such a young age
Wild man's daughter-in-law
Tell me how much it will cost to leave my son
Mom, brother, don't insult your family.
We are truly in love
Hahaha joke
True love
I've seen a lot of women like him
I threw money at him
You thought I was humiliating him
In fact, people have already laughed in their hearts
And that's where I'll put it today.
A woman like you
You don't deserve to enter the door of my Yan family
Mom
Mrs. Yan, you are right
I don't deserve to be in your Yan family
You're self-aware.
Thank you for your kindness
When will Mr. Yan be free to divorce the marriage?
I won't harass
Qingqing Qingqing
If you keep up with this
Four women get together
Don't go back to this house
I only have Qingqing as my wife in this life
If her mother refuses to accept her
Just give me this son
Ye Xuqing, that woman
I'm going to have to give you some ecstasy soup
You don't even want your own mother
Ball
Mr. Ye is not good
Something went wrong with the Repulse Bay project
Please come and have a look.